gttos
whether this was the 3rd or later time of the occupation either.
It is said that the leadership of digitized Rikugun Zhao Unfortunatelyan did not survive for a while.
He was
Here at the dormancy from a long route
That's all I mean
I guess
I am very grateful for the great honor of Kato.
Today is the second day of the Kato Shogunate.
I once held Kato as the commander of the squadron.
I do not think that it is a coincidence that I will be on the Kato Shogunate.
Since the Shina Jihun outbreak, the Kato Shogunate has been in the military.
It is clear that the Kato Shogunate has been in the military for seven years.
I do not think that I need to be a commander.
As a warrior on the battlefield, the Kato Shogunate, which has gained the influence of the Kato Shogunate,
is the flower of our Jikugon Shogunate.
I have learned about the Kato Shogunate's revolutionary service and achievements.
I would like to say that the Kato Shogunate has learned about the military's military-oriented service.
We consider the military's military-oriented service as an important issue.
However, the military's military-oriented service is not suitable for the military.
It is a small matter that a person like me, a commoner, is discussing this.
But when I think about the operation of the air force and the actions of the military,
the commander of the air force, Nakanzuku, has a hidden personality.
He has a personality that is not consistent with the general public and does not stand out.
I think that we must be able to make the different personalities work in a uniform way,
depending on the time and place of use.